Rename path type to recursive relationship (#217)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/developer-guide/join-order-hint.md

The system optimizer has its freedom to generate a query plan that finds all edges from `a` to `b` using forward adjacency list or from `b` to `a` using a backward adjacency list. Both query plans are semantically equivalent and generate the same query result. There is, however, a potential performance difference because `a` and `b` may have different cardinalities.

To enforce a particular join order (you may want to do this for experimental purposes, or when the optimizer provides a sub-optimal plan), use `HINT` and write a join order with the following rules:

> - Join hint works within the scope of a single `MATCH` pattern. Hint across different join patterns is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join hints work within the scope of a single `MATCH` pattern. Hints across different join patterns is not supported.
```
